Af no indicator error (#10644)
demisto/content: Packs/AutoFocus/ReleaseNotes/1_1_12.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks AutoFocus v2

> - Fixed an issue where the **domain** command failed when no domain was found 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the **domain** command would fail when no domain was found.
```

> - Updated docker image from `3.8.6.13358` to `3.8.6.14516`.

Reviewer: There should be new syntax here. Should look like this:
```
Upgraded the Docker image to demisto/pyjwt3:1.0.0.13142.
```
